I have accusers who accuse me because I
teach people to go to Jesus to be led by
the only one that can truly teach them
which is Jesus whom the Holy Spirit
teaches they say to me well why are you
making YouTube videos all the time and
teaching and preaching to people if the
Holy Spirit is the only teacher why
don't you be quiet and shut up
I preach Jesus and I teach Jesus because
this is what Jesus called me to do by
His Holy Spirit he called me to preach
the gospel free of charge and I have
done as he has called me to do my hope
is that you would go to Jesus and be led
by him because you certainly cannot be
led by me I cannot be your teacher no
one can be your teacher except Jesus
whom the Holy Spirit teaches do you want
to be led by Jesus whom the Holy Spirit
teaches not men you cannot be led by me
because I do not know the situations you
are facing I don't know if you need to
turn to the left or the right but Jesus
Christ who gives his Holy Spirit is able
to lead the man and the woman of God if
you truly choose to be led by the Holy
Spirit he will lead you and guide you
into all truth this is why Jesus said
that there is only one teacher the
Christ you can read about this in
Matthew chapter 23 none of us are to be
called good teacher or rabbi or father
we are to be called servants I am a
servant we are all servants of the Most
High God my accusers will say to me
though well didn't Paul teach that there
are many spiritual gifts and one of the
spiritual gifts is that of teaching
and that is true there is the gift of
administration of teaching the gift of
tongues the Holy Spirit gives many
supernatural gifts but these gifts are
not of us they're not like the gifts
that the pastor's say they have of
teaching you know the pastor's are able
to teach because they have their degree
they come out of seminary and they know
the Bible because they've read it but
that is not a spiritual gift anyone who
has read the Bible can teach the Bible
from their carnal knowledge anyone who
has read the Bible knows what the Bible
says but not everyone has been given the
Holy Spirit not everyone seeks the Holy
Spirit if you really want to be led by
the Holy Spirit you have to go to Jesus
and ask him for the Holy Spirit do you
want to be led by the Holy Spirit or do
you want to be led by men and women who
can never truly lead you listen to a
teacher as much as he points you to
Jesus as the teacher his job is done if
he has led you to Jesus because then
you're led by the Holy Spirit
what a pastor does is he says come to my
church be led by me
come come and be part of my flock come
weekly to my church but as a true
disciple of Jesus I'm not here to lead
you I cannot lead you but I can tell you
to go to Jesus because he is the one
that leads me he is the one who helps me
when I have troubles he is the one who
leads me and guides me I cannot help
myself when all these problems come in
my life I look around it I know that
there is no way I can survive unless I
rely on Jesus and he helps me
are you putting your faith in Jesus are
you being led by him or are you just
seeking out wise counsel from pastors
from books from commentaries from your
own Bible knowledge or is truly the Holy
Spirit your teach
may the grace of Jesus be with you